Prerequisite
 
Python version must be greater than or equal to 2.4 to run DiNuP. We recommend using
the version 2.6.5
 
Install from source
DiNuP uses Python's distutils tools for source installations. To install a source
distribution of DiNuP, unpack the distribution tarball and open up a command terminal.
Go to the directory where you unpacked DiNuP, and simply run the install script:

$ python setup.py install

By default, the script will install python library and executable codes globally,
which means you need to be root or administrator of the machine so as to complete
the installation. Please contact the administrator of that machine if you want their
help. If you need to provide a nonstandard install prefix, or any other nonstandard
options, you can provide many command line options to the install script. Use the
–-help option to see a brief list of available options:

$ python setup.py --help
For example, if I want to install everything under my own HOME directory, use this
command:

$ python setup.py install --prefix /home/kaifu/
Configure environment variables
After running the setup script, you might need to add the install location to your 
PYTHONPATH and PATH environment variables. The process for doing this varies on each
platform, but the general concept is the same across platforms.

To set up your PYTHONPATH environment variable, you'll need to add the value 
PREFIX/lib/pythonX.Y/site-packages to your existing PYTHONPATH. In this value, X.Y
stands for the major–minor version of Python you are using (such as 2.6 or 2.7 ; 
you can find this with sys.version[:3] from a Python command line). PREFIX is the 
install prefix where you installed DiNuP. If you did not specify a prefix on the 
command line, DiNuP will be installed using Python's sys.prefix value.

On Linux, using bash, I include the new value in my PYTHONPATH by adding this line
to my ~/.bashrc

export PYTHONPATH=/home/fukai/lib/python2.6/site-packages:$PYTHONPATH

Using Windows, you need to open up the system properties dialog, and locate the tab
labeled Environment. Add your value to the PYTHONPATH variable, or create a new
PYTHONPATH variable if there isn't one already.
